README.md, before:

# Major-Project
**A central repo for sharing resources, workflows and roadmaps. Learn how to edit a markdown file and add more resourses if found. Check the [Projects](https://github.com/Sanoj32/Major-Project/projects) section for project managemet plans.**

## Roadmap
0) Project proposal (In development)
1) Scrape data from all above sites. (In development)
2) Clean the data and remove unnecessary variables and noise. (Pending)
3) Perfrom EDA and find out the relationships between variables. (Pending)
4) Build a model to predict/give an objective price of the house based on the parameters. (Pending)
5) Deploy the model using flask(Api), HTML, CSS, JS and PHP/Laravel(Backend). (Pending)
6) Documentation (Pending)

## INFROMATION AND RESOURCES

### Tutorial videos
* [Real estate prediction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdfbcdP75KI&list=PLeo1K3hjS3uu7clOTtwsp94PcHbzqpAdg)
* [First Class functions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr0mpwqttM0&t=334s)
* [For Numpy, Pandas and Matplotlib](https://www.codingninjas.com/courses/online-data-science-course)
* [Google's machine learning course](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/ml-intro)
* [Pip Python package manager](https://youtu.be/U2ZN104hIcc)
* [Setting up python virtual env in VSCode](https://youtu.be/Wuuiga0wKdQ)


### Important programming concepts
* creating and importing a python module and using its functions (files)
* namespace of functions in a python module
* how functions from other python modules are called
* Python data types: Lists, Tuples, dictionary and sets
* for loops, map function
* method call from a library vs function call ie how obj.method() works
* lambda function/closures/annonyomous function
* [Python virtual environmets](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html)
* Basics of Object oriented python. Python class constructors. How a function gets access to the object it is called upon and how it manipulates the object.
* What is anacodna?
* How pip works

### Important Statistics Concepts (Add more)
* Co-relation between variables

### Miscellaneous
* Using VSCode commmand pallete
* [The Spyder IDE](https://www.spyder-ide.org/)
* [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
* [Land measurement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nepalese_customary_units_of_measurement)

### Libraries (Must read official docs)
* [Numpy](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/)
* [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/)
* [Seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/introduction.htmlZ)
* [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/stable/contents.html)

## Websites to scrape (find more)

1.  [99aana](https://99aana.com/) - upto /page/668 with BS4
2.  [Nepal Homes](https://www.nepalhomes.com/) - Might need Selenium
3.  [Hamrobazar](https://hamrobazar.com) 
4.  [Gharbazar](https://www.gharbazar.com/) - Selenium
5.  [Basobaas](https://basobaas.com/) - Selemium
6.  [1Ropani](http://www.1ropani.com/) - BS4
7.  [Gharghaderi](https://www.gharghaderi.com/) - Selenium
8.  [Housing Nepal](https://housingnepal.com) - BS4
9.  [Real Estate In Nepal](https://www.realestateinnepal.com/) - BS4
10. [Nepal Home Search](https://nepalhomesearch.com/) -BS4
11. [Nepal Realestates](https://nepalrealestates.com/) -BS4 very low amount of data
12. [The Realtors](https://therealtors.com.np/property/view-all-buy) - search with selenium and scrapte with BS4. Scan title for house keyword. Not properly catagorized
13. [GharJagga Nepal](https://www.gharjagganepal.com/) - BS4

## Parameters (*subject to change*)
1. Price
2. Location in District
3. Number of rooms
4. Number of floors
5. Area
6. Road ahead of the house *
7. Bedrooms *
8. Bathrooms *
9. Garage * 
10. Car parking *
11. kitchen *
12. Living room *
13. Furnished ? *

Commit message:

Basobass data found and article added

README.md, after:

# Major-Project
**A central repo for sharing resources, workflows and roadmaps. Learn how to edit a markdown file and add more resourses if found.  Check the [Projects](https://github.com/Sanoj32/Major-Project/projects) section for project managemet plans.**

## Roadmap
0) Project proposal (In development)
1) Scrape data from all above sites. (In development)
2) Clean the data and remove unnecessary variables and noise. (Pending)
3) Perfrom EDA and find out the relationships between variables. (Pending)
4) Build a model to predict/give an objective price of the house based on the parameters. (Pending)
5) Deploy the model using flask(Api), HTML, CSS, JS and PHP/Laravel(Backend). (Pending)
6) Documentation (Pending)

## INFROMATION AND RESOURCES

### Tutorial videos
* [Real estate prediction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdfbcdP75KI&list=PLeo1K3hjS3uu7clOTtwsp94PcHbzqpAdg)
* [First Class functions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr0mpwqttM0&t=334s)
* [For Numpy, Pandas and Matplotlib](https://www.codingninjas.com/courses/online-data-science-course)
* [Google's machine learning course](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/ml-intro)
* [Pip Python package manager](https://youtu.be/U2ZN104hIcc)
* [Setting up python virtual env in VSCode](https://youtu.be/Wuuiga0wKdQ)


### Important programming concepts
* creating and importing a python module and using its functions (files)
* namespace of functions in a python module
* how functions from other python modules are called
* Python data types: Lists, Tuples, dictionary and sets
* for loops, map function
* method call from a library vs function call ie how obj.method() works
* lambda function/closures/annonyomous function
* [Python virtual environmets](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html)
* Basics of Object oriented python. Python class constructors. How a function gets access to the object it is called upon and how it manipulates the object.
* What is anacodna?
* How pip works

### Important Statistics Concepts (Add more)
* Co-relation between variables

### Miscellaneous
* [Basobass data](https://www.kaggle.com/sagyamthapa/nepali-housing-price-dataset?select=2020-4-27.csv)
* Using VSCode commmand pallete
* [The Spyder IDE](https://www.spyder-ide.org/)
* [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
* [Land measurement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nepalese_customary_units_of_measurement)
* [Creating checkmarks in projects](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/king-your-work-with-issues/creating-issues/about-task-lists)
* [How Much Training Data is Required for Machine Learning? (Article)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/much-training-data-required-machine-learning/)

### Libraries (Must read official docs)
* [Numpy](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/)
* [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/)
* [Seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/introduction.htmlZ)
* [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/stable/contents.html)

## Websites to scrape (find more)
Always try to check if the data is in kaggle before writing a script yourself.

1.  [99aana](https://99aana.com/) - upto /page/668 with BS4
2.  [Nepal Homes](https://www.nepalhomes.com/) - Might need Selenium
3.  [Hamrobazar](https://hamrobazar.com)
4.  [Gharbazar](https://www.gharbazar.com/) - Selenium
5.  [Basobaas](https://basobaas.com/) - Selenium (found on kaggle)
6.  [1Ropani](http://www.1ropani.com/) - BS4
7.  [Gharghaderi](https://www.gharghaderi.com/) - Selenium
8.  [Housing Nepal](https://housingnepal.com) - BS4
9.  [Real Estate In Nepal](https://www.realestateinnepal.com/) - BS4
10. [Nepal Home Search](https://nepalhomesearch.com/) -BS4
11. [Nepal Realestates](https://nepalrealestates.com/) -BS4 very low amount of data
12. [The Realtors](https://therealtors.com.np/property/view-all-buy) - search with selenium and scrapte with BS4. Scan title for house keyword. Not properly catagorized
13. [GharJagga Nepal](https://www.gharjagganepal.com/) - BS4

## Parameters (*subject to change*)
1. Price
2. Location in District
3. Number of rooms
4. Number of floors
5. Area
6. Time posted
7. Road ahead of the house *
8. Room size *
9. Bedrooms *
10. Bathrooms *
11. Garage *
12. Car parking *
13. kitchen *
14. Living room *
15. Furnished ? *
